Role of the three buttons:

        realtime display      menu display
LEFT    rotate screen         decrease, select NO
MIDDLE  go into menu          apply and go to next item
RIGHT   rotate brightness     increase, select YES
MIDDLE+LEFT tank reset
MIDDLE+RIGHT trip reset and outing reset
RIGHT+LEFT display PID information for current screen

When you press middle and left button, a screen appear:
- Zero tank data (NO/YES)
  Select if you want to reset the data and press middle button to ack.

When you press middle and right button, two screens will appear:
- Zero trip data (NO/YES)
  Select if you want to reset the data and press middle button to ack.
- Zero trip data (NO/YES)
  Select if you want to reset the data and press middle button to ack.

Configuration menu (accessed by middle button);

- LCD Contrast (0-100)
  Set the LCD contrast from 0 to 100 in step 10
  
- Use Metric units (NO/YES)
  NO=rods and hogshead, YES=SI
  
- Use Comma format (NO/YES)
  NO=use period as decimal indicator, YES=use comma as decimal indicator

- Fuel/hour speed (0-255)
  Speed from which the display go from L/100 or MPG to L/h or GPH

- Tank size (n.m)
  Size of your tank in litres or gallons

- Fuel price (n.m)
  Price of fuel for litres or gallons

- Fuel Adjust (0-255%)
  This percentage will needs adjustment after you have checked manually
  a few tank to better approximate the fuel consumption.

- Speed Adjust (0-255%)
  This percentage will needs adjustment after you have checked manually
  your speed with a well calibrated instrument like a GPS.

- Engine Displacement (0.0-10.0) (MAP only)
  For vehicles with a MAP only we have to emulate the MAF.
  This is the size of the engine, e.g. 2.0 for a 2Liters one.

- Outing stop over (0 to 2550 minutes)
  This stop over value will allow a stop without automatically resetting
  outing trip. Stopping while waiting for a train to pass, stopping to do
  a quick errand, will allow the trip to continue. A value of zero minutes
  will cause a reset everytime the car is restarted.

- Trip stop over (1 to 255 hours)
  This stop over value will allow a longer stop over without resetting the trip.	

- Configure PIDs (NO/YES)
  Choose if you want to configure the PIDs in the various screen.

- Scr 'n' Corner 'm' (0x00-0xFF)
  (if you have selected YES at the previous item)
  Select the PID you want to be displayed on screen 'n' in the corner 'm'.
  Some specials PIDs you can access (either by decreasing below 0 or by
  going far up):  

  0xE9 - Fuel wasted during idle state for this outing
  0xEA - Fuel wasted during idle state for this trip
  0xEB - Fuel wasted during idle state for this tank
  0xEC - The cost of fuel used for this outing
  0xED - The cost of fuel used for this trip
  0xEE - The cost of fuel used for this tank
  0xEF - The length of time the car has been running
  0xF0 - no display, meaning this corner will be blank, can be useful if
         another PID result is more than 8 characters
  0xF1 - Instant fuel consumption
  0xF2 - Average fuel consumption of the tank (since last tank reset)
  0xF3 - Fuel used in the current tank
  0xF4 - Distance done on the current tank
  0xF5 - Remaining distance that can be done on the current tank
  0xF6 - Average fuel consumption of the trip (since last trip reset)
  0xF7 - Fuel used for the current trip
  0xF8 - Distance of the current trip
  0xF9 - Battery voltage (of the car)
  0xFA - Outing cons
  0xFB - Fuel used for this outing
  0xFC - Distance traveled for this outing
  0xFD - CAN status, for CAN only protocol only, display TX and RX errors
  0xFE - Number of retreived PIDs per second
  0xFF - Visual display relative to fuel economy (during DEBUG mode: free memory)

- Shut Down Screen
  When turning off the user will see a display noting trip data was saved, and
  information on how much fuel was wasted during idle state for the tank.

- Car Alarm Screen
  The car alarm screen is a wait driven display that allows a background process to
  reconnect with the ECU.
  The display involves a simple header (OBDuino Security), and a bouncing asterisk.